Add separate settings for prime95 and aida64 (#6)
fhoekstra/thread_switcher: README.md

To run the tool, install Python 3.9 from [python.org](https://www.python.org) then simply double-click main.py (or run.bat) and the tool will keep trying to switch prime95 to a different core.

**DO NOT FORGET to**:

> open settings_thread_switcher_prime95.py with a text editor and edit the necessary settings in the ###.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
open the relevant settings file, either `settings_prime95.py` or `settings_aida64.py` with a text editor and edit the necessary settings in the ###.
```

You have to close and restart the tool for the changes to take effect.

For running aida64, you need to also modify settings_thread_switcher_prime95.py. Note, this bat must be run as admin.
- To always run as admin, you may:
1. Create a shortcut to settings_thread_switcher_prime95.py
2. Right-click -> properties -> shortcut tab -> advanced -> enable "Run as administrator"

> 

Reviewer: Do you mean to refer to the `run_thread_switcher_aida64.bat` file?
Should we put a remark here to change the `python310` command to `py` or `python` if necessary?

Author: Done and done
